Update sql-data-warehouse-manage-monitor.md (#124476)
Azure/azure-content: articles/synapse-analytics/sql-data-warehouse/sql-data-warehouse-manage-monitor.md

### Step 3: Investigate SQL on the distributed databases

> Use the Request ID and the Step Index to retrieve details from [sys.dm_pdw_sql_requests](/sql/relational-databases/system-dynamic-management-views/sys-dm-pdw-sql-requests-transact-sql?view=aps-pdw-2016-au7), which contains execution information of the query step on all of the distributed databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Request ID and the Step Index to retrieve details from [sys.dm_pdw_sql_requests](/sql/relational-databases/system-dynamic-management-views/sys-dm-pdw-sql-requests-transact-sql?view=azure-sqldw-latest), which contains execution information of the query step on all of the distributed databases.
```

Version moniker correction

> Use the Request ID and the Step Index to retrieve details from [sys.dm_pdw_sql_requests](/sql/relational-databases/system-dynamic-management-views/sys-dm-pdw-sql-requests-transact-sql?view=azure-sqldw-latest), which contains execution information of the query step on all of the distributed databases.

Reviewer: fixing link syntax!

```suggestion
Use the Request ID and the Step Index to retrieve details from [sys.dm_pdw_sql_requests](/sql/relational-databases/system-dynamic-management-views/sys-dm-pdw-sql-requests-transact-sql?view=azure-sqldw-latest&preserve-view=true), which contains execution information of the query step on all of the distributed databases.
```
